*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 70017 ***



[Illustration: This little book is from the library of

--------

--------

--------

  When you have read, and laughed with glee
  Please bring this book right back to me.
]




  UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES
  or
  WHAT HAPPENED WHEN THE SKILLERY SKALLERY ALLIGATOR
  GAVE CHASE
  and
  UNCLE WIGGILY IS SNOWBALLED BY THE FOX AND WOLF
  also
  UNCLE WIGGILY PLAYS A JOKE ON THE WOLF

  [Illustration]

  TEXT BY
  HOWARD R. GARIS
  Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPERTROTS and BED TIME STORIES

  PICTURED BY
  LANG CAMPBELL


  NEWARK, N. J.
  CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
  NEW YORK


IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.


So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal shovel
away from the gas stove, you may read

   1 UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.
   2 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.
   3 UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.
   4 UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.
   5 UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.
   6 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.
   7 UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.
   8 UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.
   9 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.
  10 UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.
  11 UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.
  12 UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.
  13 UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.
  14 UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.
  15 UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.
  16 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.
  17 UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.
  18 UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.

Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration: _Uncle Wiggily_

HIS MARK]

_Made in U. S. A._


  Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
  Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924 Charles E. Graham & Co., Newark, N. J.,
  and New York.


[Illustration]

1. Once upon a time Uncle Wiggily met Baby Bunty on her skates. “Oh,
Uncle Wiggily!” laughed the little rabbit girl, “why don’t you get a
pair and come roller skating with me?” The bunny sort of twinkled his
pink nose doubtful like. “Do you think an old rabbit like me could
skate?” he asked. “Of course you could! I’ll teach you if you’ve
forgotten!” kindly offered Baby Bunty. “All right,” said Mr. Longears.

[Illustration]

2. Uncle Wiggily, in his heart, felt that something dreadful would
happen. But he did not like to disappoint Baby Bunty, so he bought
himself a pair of roller skates and began. “This is how you do it!”
called back the cute little rabbit girl, as she started boldly off, for
she was a good skater. “Ye-ye-yes, my de-de-dear! I--I see how you do
it,” stammered Uncle Wiggily. “But it isn’t so-so-so easy!”

[Illustration]

3. All went well for a while, though Uncle Wiggily, of course, could
not skate as fast as Baby Bunty. All of a sudden one of the bunny’s
paws shot out from under him. “Oh, Baby Bunty! Look!” he cried. “Uncle
Wiggily! Stop that!” scolded Bunty. “You shouldn’t try any fancy tricks
before you learn to skate straight!” Mr. Longears twinkled his nose.
“Trick!” he cried. “I couldn’t help doing this!”

[Illustration]

4. After some hard work Uncle Wiggily managed to get his elevated leg
back on the ground where it belonged, and he started off once more. But
he tried to go too fast and, all of a sudden he turned a peppersault in
the air. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily! Why do you keep on doing those tricks?”
cried Baby Bunty. “I--I’m not doing them on purpose!” said the poor
bunny. “They just--just--seem to happen!”

[Illustration]

5. Well, after a while, Uncle Wiggily landed right side up with care,
and he and Baby Bunty skated off once more. But, all of a sudden, they
reached the top of a hill, and, before he knew what was going on, Uncle
Wiggily started to glide down. “Oh! Oh!” he cried. “Look out!” shouted
Baby Bunty. “See the puddle!” “I see it!” shouted Uncle Wiggily, “and I
don’t like the looks of it, either! Wow!”

[Illustration]

6. Nearer and nearer rolled the bunny gentleman to the puddle. Just
as he seemed about to plop in, he gave a great jump, as Jack did over
the candle stick, and right across sailed Uncle Wiggily. “Good! Good!”
cried Baby Bunty, who caught hold of a tree to save herself from
skating into the water. “That was good, Uncle Wiggily!” “It was not so
bad for an old chap!” chuckled the bunny gentleman.

[Illustration]

7. Down came Uncle Wiggily, “ker-plunk!” on the far side of the mud
puddle. He thought everything was going to be fine, and that now he
could skate with Baby Bunty. But, all of a sudden, his legs began to
spread apart, farther and farther. “Oh! Oh! Oh!!” he cried. Baby Bunty,
who had skated around the puddle, came hurrying up. “Oh, what is the
matter now?” asked Baby Bunty. It was dreadful!

[Illustration]

8. “Wait a minute! I’ll help you, Uncle Wiggily!” called Baby Bunty.
She began to push on one of the spread-apart legs of the bunny. “You
pull on your other leg, Uncle Wiggily,” advised Baby Bunty. The rabbit
tried, but it was no use. “Oh, if we only had some one to help!” he
sighed. “I’ll help you!” offered a voice. “Who was that?” asked Baby
Bunty. “Oh, the Alligator!” cried Uncle Wiggily.

[Illustration]

9. All of a sudden, as soon as he knew the Alligator was there, Uncle
Wiggily’s legs seemed to pull together. “I’m all right now, Bunty!”
he cried. “Come on, I’ll skate as I haven’t skated since I was a boy
rabbit!” And Mr. Longears did just that. He and Baby Bunty glided so
fast that, run as he did, the Skillery Scallery Alligator could not get
them. “Ha! Ha!” laughed the bunny, “who says I can’t skate!”

  And if the gold fish doesn’t try to flip out of its bowl and go to
  sleep in the canary bird’s cage, the next pictures
  and story will tell how

[Illustration]

  THE FOX AND WOLF, BOTH BAD CHAPS THEY, TRIED
  HARD UNCLE WIGGILY TO CATCH ONE DAY. BUT SNOW BALLS
  AT THEM FLEW SO FAST, THEY BOTH DID RUN AWAY AT LAST.

[Illustration]

1. Once upon a time Uncle Wiggily was out walking wearing his tall
silk hat, for he had been to a reception given by Mrs. Twistytail, the
pig lady. Then, all of a sudden, when Uncle Wiggily was nearly at his
hollow stump bungalow, the Fox threw a snowball, knocking off the hat.
“Ha! Ha!” laughed the Wolf. “That’s funny!” Uncle Wiggily could see
nothing very funny about it. “Guess I’ll run,” he said.

[Illustration]

2. Uncle Wiggily guessed what sort of a trick the Fox and Wolf were
trying to play on him. “They thought I’d stop and pick up my hat,” said
the bunny to himself, “and then they could catch me and nibble my ears.
But I’d rather lose my hat than my ears!” So away he ran without his
hat. Out jumped the Fox and Wolf. One of them picked up the hat and
chased after Uncle Wiggily with it, crying: “Wait!”

[Illustration]

3. Uncle Wiggily ran so fast without his hat that soon he left the Fox
and Wolf behind. “Well, our trick didn’t work,” said the Fox. “No,”
agreed the Wolf, “but I know another trick we can play.” The Fox wanted
to know what it was. “We’ll do this,” growled the Wolf. “We’ll sneak up
and leave Uncle Wiggily’s hat near his bungalow. Then we’ll hide, and
when he comes out to get it, we’ll grab him!”

[Illustration]

4. Uncle Wiggily ran on as fast as he could, without his hat, until he
reached his hollow stump bungalow. Near it he saw some of the animal
boys having a snowball fight. “Oh, this gives me an idea for playing a
trick on the Fox and Wolf,” said the bunny. Just then up rushed Floppy
Twistytail, the piggie boy. He had heard what the Fox and Wolf said
about coming to the bungalow and Floppy told all.

[Illustration]

5. “You say the Fox and Wolf are coming to put my hat on the ground
near my bungalow, and will grab me when I go to get it; is that it,
Floppy?” asked the bunny. “That’s it,” said the piggie boy. “Ah, now
for a snowball fight!” cried Uncle Wiggily to the animal boys. “Make
all the hard balls you can,” he told them. “Hide around the corner of
my bungalow, and we’ll wait for the Fox and Wolf to come.”

[Illustration]

6. Along came the Fox and Wolf, not knowing what was going to happen to
them. Around the corner of the bungalow Uncle Wiggily and the animal
boys watched. “We’ll leave the hat on the snow,” said the Fox to the
Wolf. “I guess Uncle Wiggily is in there now. Then we’ll hide behind
the stump and wait for him to come out to get his hat.” The Wolf said
that would be a good plan, so that’s what they did.

[Illustration]

7. “Now, boys, be on the watch!” whispered Uncle Wiggily to the animal
chaps with their hard snowballs. “I’m going out now to get my hat. When
the Fox and Wolf rush at me--well, you know what to do!” The animal
boys chuckled with glee. “Yes, we know what to do, all right, Uncle
Wiggily!” His pink nose twinkling at what was going to happen, Uncle
Wiggily stepped bravely toward his hat.

[Illustration]

8. All of a sudden, just as Uncle Wiggily reached down and picked up
his hat--all of a sudden, out rushed the Fox and Wolf from behind
the stump. “Now we’ll get him!” howled the Wolf. “Let them have the
snowballs, fellows!” cried the piggie boy. And they threw the hard
chunks of snow and ice in the faces of the Fox and Wolf. “Oh wow! What
is this?” barked the Fox as he felt a snowball hit him on his ear.

[Illustration]

9. “Give it to them, boys! Give it to them!” cried Uncle Wiggily. The
bunny rabbit put his hat down over his ears so it wouldn’t fall off
and then he, too, joined in the snowball fight. “I thought you said we
could easily get Uncle Wiggily!” howled the Wolf to the Fox. “Well, I
thought we could!” cried the Fox. “Oh, wow, but what a mistake we made.
Never again will I throw at Uncle Wiggily’s hat!”

  And if the hammer doesn’t try to play croquet with a snowball and
  catch cold in its head, the next pictures
  and story will tell how

[Illustration]

  UNCLE WIGGILY TOOK THE SCARECROW,
  JUST TO PLAY A LITTLE TRICK. THE BAD OLD
  WOLF WAS BLOWN UP, LIKE A LONG SKYROCKET STICK. HA! HA!

[Illustration]

1. One day, when Uncle Wiggily was hopping around, looking for an
adventure, he reached a cornfield where, all summer, had stood an old
Scarecrow. “Hum!” said the bunny to himself, as he saw the old stuffed,
ragged man. “The farmer has no further use for this Scarecrow. His corn
is cut and the crows have flown south. I’ll take the Scarecrow home and
play a little trick on Nurse Jane with it. Ha! Ha!”

[Illustration]

2. Uncle Wiggily laughed to himself as he thought of the trick he would
play on Nurse Jane with the Scarecrow. “I guess I’ll put it away and
save it for Hallowe’en and play the trick then,” said the bunny to
himself. He became tired of hauling the stuffed and ragged man, and
stood the Scarecrow up near a log, while he sat down on the other side
of the log. Then the Fuzzy Fox saw the Scarecrow and wanted it.

[Illustration]

3. All of a sudden, as Uncle Wiggily was thinking of hopping on again,
up ran the Fox. “Ho! Ho!” barked the Fox, as he saw the Scarecrow,
“these old clothes are just what I want for the winter!” Then the Fox
started to run away with Uncle Wiggily’s Scarecrow that the bunny
wanted for Hallowe’en. “Here! Come back!” cried the bunny, jumping up
on the log. But the Old Fox only ran the faster.

[Illustration]

4. “Well, if the Fox took one Scarecrow away from me I must find
another,” said Uncle Wiggily, with a twinkle of his pink nose. He
hopped along a little farther, and in a fence corner he saw a second
ragged and stuffed man. “He has a tall silk hat on--like I wear!” said
the bunny. “Some might take him for me. And what’s this--powder and
matches! A hunter must have left them here. Now for a trick!”

[Illustration]

5. “I’ll play a joke on the Fox or Wolf if they try to take this
Scarecrow away from me,” said Uncle Wiggily with a laugh. Then the
bunny poured some powder from the hunter’s flask inside the second
Scarecrow. “I’ll put in a Fourth of July fuse, such as firecrackers
have,” said Uncle Wiggily. “I’ll hide and watch, and when the Fox or
Wolf runs away with this Scarecrow--Zoopie! What will happen?”

[Illustration]

6. After Uncle Wiggily had put powder inside the Scarecrow, making the
stuffed man into a sort of torpedo bomb, the bunny carried the image
near a big rock. “I’ll lie down around the corner of the rock and make
believe I’m asleep,” thought the rabbit. “But I’ll have one eye open
and as soon as any bad animal takes my Scarecrow I’ll strike a match,
light the powder fuse and then--Whoop! Up they’ll go!”

[Illustration]

7. From afar the Woozie Wolf had seen Uncle Wiggily’s second Scarecrow,
but the Wolf didn’t know about the powder. “Oh ho!” snickered the Wolf,
creeping closer to the Scarecrow, “the Fuzzy Fox thought he was smart,
taking away a Scarecrow to get the old clothes to keep him warm this
winter. Well, he isn’t the only one! I’ll carry this stuffed man off to
my den and take his clothes for myself!”

[Illustration]

8. All of a sudden, almost before Uncle Wiggily knew what was
happening, the Wolf made a jump and grabbed the Scarecrow. “You’re
mine!” he howled. But the bunny gentleman quickly struck a match and
lighted the powder fuse. It began to smoke and sizzle. Away ran the
Wolf with the Scarecrow! “Oh ho!” laughed Uncle Wiggily, “He won’t run
so fast in a few minutes! Oh, listen for the noise!”

[Illustration]

9. All of a sudden there was a loud banging noise. “There it goes!”
cried the bunny gentleman. “There goes the powder!” And the Scarecrow
the Wolf was carrying away was blown up. Uncle Wiggily was far enough
off not to be hurt. But that Wolf--“Oh, Skuzzie-zuzzie!” he howled, as
he felt himself coming down like a skyrocket stick, after having sailed
up, “Oh, zoopie! Lightning must have struck me!”

[Illustration:

  When you have finished reading this nice little book, perhaps you
  would like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

  If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle
  Wiggily Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in and
  31 stories--one for every night in the month. If the book store man
  has none of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct to
  the Publishers,

        A. L. BURT COMPANY,
        114 EAST 23rd STREET
        NEW YORK CITY
]

[Illustration: LOOK HERE!

  This handsome book has large color pictures throughout and wonderful
  stories. Ask the book store man for _Adventures of Uncle
  Wiggily_.


        CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
        NEWARK, N. J.
]




  TRANSCRIBER’S NOTE:

  1. Original spellings were standardised only when a dominant version
     was found.
  2. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 70017 ***
